# Rate Limits

In order to protect our services we employ the use of rate limits on the majority of our endpoints. These limits are
dynamic and can change at any time depending on our requirements.

For this reason we include headers in response headers that should be parsed and followed by your application.

Example:

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
...
X-Rate-Limit-Policy: ladder-view
X-Rate-Limit-Rules: client
X-Rate-Limit-Client: 10:5:10
X-Rate-Limit-Client-State: 1:5:0
```

Example that has exceeded the limit:

```
HTTP/1.1 429 Too Many Requests
...
X-Rate-Limit-Policy: ladder-view
X-Rate-Limit-Rules: client
X-Rate-Limit-Client: 10:5:10
X-Rate-Limit-Client-State: 11:5:10
Retry-After: 10
```

Breakdown:

- X-Rate-Limit-Policy

  The policy that applies to this request.

  Policies may be the same across different API endpoints but are treated the same for rate limiting purposes.

- X-Rate-Limit-Rules

  A comma-delimited list of applicable rules.

  This can be used to determine the header key for the next two headers.

  Common rules are: ip, account, and client.
- X-Rate-Limit-{$rule}

  A comma-delimited list of text representing the rule.

  These are made up of three numbers separated by a colon with each representing:

    1. the maximum hits
    2. the period (in seconds) tested
    3. the time restricted (in seconds) if the rule is broken

- X-Rate-Limit-{$rule}-State

  A comma-delimited list of text representing the request's current state.

  Similarly to the header above, these are made up of three numbers separated by a colon with each representing:

    1. the current hit count
    2. the period (in seconds) tested
    3. the active time restricted in seconds (this will be 0 if the request is not rate limited)

- Retry-After

  Time to wait (in seconds) until the rate limit expires.

Exceeding these limits frequently will result in your application access being revoked.